I find you apeeling!
Go shawty, its sherbert day.
What do you call a sand tornado that comes without any warning? Da rude Sandstorm!
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Jokes about German sausages are the wurst.
Broken pencils are pointless...
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Energizer Bunny arrested: Charged with battery.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
When chemists die, they barium.
They told me I had type A blood, but it was a Type O.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I can't put it down.
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
I tried to catch some fog. I mist.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I had never met herbivore.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
I did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
I know a guy who is addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop anytime.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
How do you make holy water? Boil the hell out of it!
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: I couldn't concentrate.
I want to make a joke about sodium, but Na...
Class trip to the Coca-Cola factory. I hope there is no pop quiz.
Thieves had broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. Dirty Bastards.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
I didn't like my beard at first... then it grew on me.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
A soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
Which day do chickens hate the most? Friday.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
What does a clock do when it is hungry? It goes back four seconds.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
If an apple store gets robbed while you are there, will you become an iWitness?
Last time I got caught stealing a calendar I got 12 months.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
Why is the man who invests all your money called a "broker"?
What do you call a gentleman who received a A+ on an exam? Sir-passing expectations.
I didn't pass the drug test, but I passed the colour blind test with flying colours.
